Event Name: Chicago Tech Career Fair: Exclusive Tech Hiring Event
Event Link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/chicago-tech-career-fair-exclusive-tech-hiring-event-tickets-146583454057?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Event ID: 146583454057
Event Description: Tech Career FairWe will be hosting a virtual Tech Career Fair with our hiring partners from fast growing startups and Fortune 500 companies in technology.  There will be a focus on helping companies achieve their diversity and inclusivity initiative with more diverse candidates to their talent pool. Available roles that our hiring companies are looking to fill are of the following:Software EngineeringProduct ManagementData ScientistAI/Machine Learning EngineerData AnalystUI/UX DesignMarketingSalesTo make sure your profile is visible and accessible to hiring partners and companies in their system please make sure you complete your profile and upload your resume to the platform.Steps:Complete the Sign-up form here or use the link below and upload your resume to the system to get your QR code/candidate profile link: https://careerscrossroad.com/signup?code=ChiTCFImprove your profile while you are waiting for your profile to be approved * Completed and approved profiles will then be visible to different companies for each career fair where companies will then select who to send the invitation to attend their career fair with the next steps.Follow the instructions in your email invitation from the employers and attend the career fair with your QR code/digital profile link with the hiring companies that you have been assigned to.*Note: This is an "invite-only" event due to limited space and high demand. Signing up on Eventbrite alone does not give you access to the event. You would still need to apply with the steps above for a potential invitation.  Only shortlisted candidates will then be notified for  the next steps on how  to attend. Please make sure you complete your profile as completely as you can and upload your resume to the platform for approval(If  the reviewer feels your profile is incomplete, they might not approve it in order to maintain the quality of candidates being presented to  the companies). Approval process timeline varies depending on  the backlog. Once approved, your profile will be visible and accessible to hiring partners and companies  on the platform. To increase your chances to be selected by one of our hiring companies and partners to one of the hiring events, it is recommended that you constantly refine and improve your profile.Employers:To reserve your spot signup here to get your company or get your company on the waitlist here for the next event and we will reach out to you with more info if we can slot you in.